FF138 Relnote: FedCM Login Status API (#39032)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

### APIs

> - The [Login Status API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#update_login_status_using_the_login_status_api) can be used to set and check whether any browser users are logged-in to a server, when using the [Federated Credential Management (FedCM) API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API).

Reviewer: Slight rephrasing suggestion for flow:
```suggestion
- The [Login Status API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#update_login_status_using_the_login_status_api) is now supported when using the [Federated Credential Management (FedCM) API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API). It can be used to set and check whether a browser user is logged in to an identity provider.
```
Probably might be better to refer to IdP in context of FedCM?

Author: Yes, this is way better (mine was ambiguous, at best). Thank you.
